Docs/upgrade v1.2 (#13906)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2023-04-21-whats-new-in-pg-graphql-v1-2.mdx

---

It's been 4 months since the [1.0.0 release of pg_graphql](https://supabase.com/blog/pg-graphql-v1).
Since then, we’ve pushed several features to improve the APIs that `pg_graphql` produces.

In this article, we’ll walk through those features and show examples of each.

> <Admonition type="note">These features are only available after upgrading your project to v1.2.0. For help with upgrading, please review the documentation [here](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/migrating-and-upgrading-projects).</Admonition>

Reviewer: We don't currently have this component available on `www` (where the blog is hosted). Let's just stick to regular markdown for now.

Reviewer 2: @gregnr 

I removed the component and replaced it with a div styling which was used here: `apps/www/_blog/2023-04-14-supabase-studio-2.0.mdx`

this is what it'll look like
<img width="400" alt="Screen Shot 2023-04-23 at 12 21 26 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18966944/233819728-29c61669-f292-4704-ab40-5a80f2da7744.png">

let me know if you just want to remove the div entirely and have it as plain text instead.

Reviewer: Looks great like this - thanks!

---

It's been 4 months since the [1.0.0 release of pg_graphql](https://supabase.com/blog/pg-graphql-v1).
Since then, we’ve pushed several features to improve the APIs that `pg_graphql` produces.

In this article, we’ll walk through those features and show examples of each.

<div className="bg-gray-300 rounded-lg px-6 py-2 italic">

> 📢 These features are only available after upgrading your project to v1.2.0. For help with upgrading, please review the documentation [here](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/migrating-and-upgrading-projects).

Reviewer 3: this probably need to be more clear that its referring to "Graphql" versioning. 
It also suggests "upgrading", but then links to Supabase migrating and upgrading.. I assume what it needs to really suggest is upgrading Postgres ?

Reviewer 3: cc @gregnr

Reviewer 3: cc @olirice

Reviewer: Good catch @MildTomato.

@olirice I can update this - is this PG version correct: `15.1.0.63`?

https://github.com/supabase/postgres/commit/ccd2e902cf528a59623b2924c12053e5138681ff

Reviewer 4: thanks, yes it is `15.1.0.63`

Reviewer: Updated 👍

> 📢 These features are only available after upgrading your project to v1.2.0. For help with upgrading, please review the documentation [here](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/migrating-and-upgrading-projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📢 These features are only available on projects with Postgres version `15.1.0.63` or higher. For help with upgrading, please review the [migrating and upgrading projects guide](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/migrating-and-upgrading-projects).
```
